README.md, before:

# Shared commodities for developing nRF Connect for Desktop

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_apis/build/status/pc-nrfconnect-shared?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_build/latest?definitionId=31&branchName=master)

This project provides shared commodities for developing nRF Connect for Desktop
apps and their launcher:

-   React components
-   Build scripts
-   Configurations
-   Test facilities

## Releasing

This project uses GitHub Actions for automated releases. To release a new
version:

### Prepare the release

-   Update the version in `package.json`.
-   Add a changelog entry in `Changelog.md` with the format:
    `## X.0.0 - YYYY-MM-DD`.
-   Commit and push your changes

### Create the release

-   Go to the the
    [Release shared](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-shared/actions/workflows/release-shared.yml)
    action.
-   Click "Run workflow".
-   Optionally select a ref to release, but usually this should be `main` and
    can be left empty.

The workflow will:

-   Check if a release is possible.
-   Build and test the package.
-   Create a GitHub release.
-   Publish to npm.

Commit message:

Add workflow to automatically publish shared
If a new version of shared is ready on main then it is automatically
published by a GitHub Action.

The conditions for “is ready” are:

- Builds correctly
- The package.json has a correct version number (one
  more than the last published one)
- There is a correct latest changelog entry
- The latest entry is not empty
- It has the correct version number and today`s date

Even if the `package.json` and `Changelog.md` are not correct, shared will still at least be build.

README.md, after:

# Shared commodities for developing nRF Connect for Desktop

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_apis/build/status/pc-nrfconnect-shared?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_build/latest?definitionId=31&branchName=master)

This project provides shared commodities for developing nRF Connect for Desktop
apps and their launcher:

-   React components
-   Build scripts
-   Configurations
-   Test facilities

## Developing a new feature or fixing an error

Whenever something is changed in pc-nrfconnect-shared, an entry should be added
to `Changelog.md`.

If there is no latest entry there yet, and you do not intend to release the
change as a new version right ahead, add a new section with the heading
`## Unreleased` at the top.

## Releasing

To release, two files must be up-to-date:

-   `package.json` contain the correct version number (one more than the last
    release).
-   `Changelog.md` must contain an entry, with that version number and today's
    date.

By running `npm run prepare-shared-release` you update the version in
`package.json` and in `Changelog.md` a potential `## Unreleased` heading is
updated to the right version and today‘s date.

When those conditions are met, a new release of shared will automatically be
created when the according PR is merged into main.
